Remove references to old tiers (#1018)
snowplow/documentation: docs/understanding-tracking-design/managing-your-data-structures/api/index.md

Please note:

> - This example shows deploying from `VALIDATED` to `DEV`. The method is the same for Production, but you would change the variables where `"source": "DEV"` and `"target": "PROD"`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- This example demonstrates deployment from `VALIDATED` to `DEV`. The method is the same for Production, but you would change the variables where `"source": "DEV"` and `"target": "PROD"`
```
